Your	site	must	require	that	a	user	log	in	with	a	username	and	password	in	order	to	see	or	do	
anything	(except,	obviously,	log	in	or	register).
£ Your	 site	 must	 allow	 a	 user	 to	 register	 for	 an	 account.	 	 A	 user’s	 username	 must	 be	 a	
syntactically	valid	email	address.2
		 A	user’s	password	must	be	at	least	six	characters,	and	it	
cannot	be	entirely	alphabetic	or	entirely	numeric.		Upon	registering,	a	user	should	receive	a	
free	gift:	$10,000	in	cash.		
£ Your	site	must	allow	a	user	to	get	a	quote	(i.e.,	look	up	its	“Last	Trade”	price)	for	a	stock	by	
providing	its	symbol.
£ Your	site	must	allow	a	user	to	buy	shares	of	a	stock	by	providing	its	symbol;	your	site	must	
allow	a	user	to	buy	more	shares	of	a	stock	that	he	or	she	already	owns.		A	user	may	not	buy	
fractions	of	shares.
£ Your	 site	 must	 allow	 a	 user	 to	 sell	 shares	 of	 a	 stock	 that	 he	 or	 she	 already	 owns;	 for	
simplicity,	you	may	require	that	a	user	sell	all	or	none	rather	than	some.		A	user	may	not	sell	
fractions	of	shares.
£ Your	site	must	allow	a	user	to	check	the	current	value	of	his	or	her	portfolio	(i.e.,	his	or	her	
cash	plus	his	or	her	stocks’	value	based	on its “Last	Trade”	price).
£ Your	site	must	perform	client-side	validation,	where	possible,	of	user	input	related	to	a	buy	
or	a	sell.		For	instance,	if	some	text	field	must	contain	a	non-negative	integer	(e.g.,	number	
of	 shares	 to	 buy	 or	 sell),	 you	 must	 reject	 attempts	 to	 submit	 invalid	 input	 (as	 by	admonishing	 the	 user	 with	 an	 alert)	 or	 prevent	 them	 from	 typing	 anything	 non-numeric	
at	all.
£ On	any	page	designed	to	take	user	input,	you	should	give	focus	 (via	JavaScript)	to	the	first	
field	requiring	the	user’s	attention	(e.g.,	the	username	field	on	your	login	page).
£ Your	site	must	perform	rigorous	server-side	error-checking.		Under	no	circumstances	should	
we	be	able	to	crash	your	site	or	induce	unreasonable	behavior.		Letting	us	sell	more	shares	
than	we	 own	is	 not,	 shall	we	 say,	 reasonable.		We	will	 bang	 on	your	 code	and	 try	 to	 find	
faults;	do	not	let	us	succeed.
